A video showing painted surfing imagery
fills the screen.
Opaque beneath the painted waves and
surfers are windows on a desktop.
An audio player appears.
A web page appears.
A spotlight illuminates the title:
"Making your own Soundtrack."
In the audio player,
the cursor clicks play.
The cursor turns into a spotlight and
moves over the text in the web page.
A browser appears in the top-right with a
video titled Butthole Surfers – Pepper.
The cursor selects play and the
music video begins.
The cursor lowers the
volume on the video.
A video appears on the left titled
Widescreen vs. Pan & Scan.
The cursor presses play. The video shows
Sydney Pollack in an interview.
A video with painted surfing imagery
appears. The cursor presses play.
In the "Widescreen vs. Pan & Scan" video,
helicopters move from right to left.
In the "Pepper" video, costumed band
members play in front of a blue curtain.
The Making your own Soundtrack
web page comes forward.
The cursor turns into a spotlight and
slowly moves over the text in the posting.
In the "Pepper" video, men and women
dance in front of a gold curtain.
A YouTube video titled "Davy Crockett,
King of the Wild Frontier"
appears in the bottom right of the screen.
The cursor lowers the volume on the
"Widescreen vs. Pan & Scan" video.
The cursor scrolls through the web page,
showing lyrics from the song.
The "Widescreen vs. Pan & Scan" video
shows clips from Pollack films.
In the "Pepper" video, band members
perform in front of a gold curtain.
The cursor presses play on the "Davy
Crockett" video in the bottom right.
The video plays behind the
video with painted surfing imagery.
The cursor brings the web page forward.
The "Pepper" video comes forward, and then
the Pollack interview above the web page.
The cursor turns into a spotlight and
slowly hovers over the text.
Sydney Pollack explains
film footage on computer monitors.
The cursor spotlight tracks the spoken
text, hovering over the web page.
The cursor raises the volume on the
Pollack interview.
The cursor presses pause
on the audio player.
In the "Pepper" window, the cursor moves
the playhead to 01:53; the video plays.
The video with painted surfing imagery
comes forward, scaled to fill the screen.
Beneath the surfing imagery, appear a web
browser, a music player, and a text file.
The surfing imagery is opaque, layered
above and obscuring the windows.
A smaller version of the surfing imagery
appears in the bottom of the screen.
The screen zooms in on the imagery,
showing details of the obscured windows:
The text file is named printcentricity is
sneaky. The song in the music player
is "Postcard from 1952 (Live).
The audio player comes forward.
The cursor presses play.
The video windows return
to the front of the screen.
In the "Davy Crockett" video, two men on
horseback cup their mouths
and make owl sounds.
The surfing imagery moves in
and out of the foreground.
In the "Pepper" video, figures lounge
in front of a gold curtain, and then
the band plays in front of
a blue curtain.
Pollack discusses a film scene
in front of a monitor.
In the "Pepper" video, black and white
footage shows band members in costumes.
In front of Pollack, a widescreen and a
four-by-three format scene appear.
The web page comes forward.
The cursor turns into a spotlight,
highlighting text in the web page.
The cursor lowers the volume on the
"Davy Crockett" video. The video shows
two frontiersman on horseback with rifles.
The web page comes forward. The cursor
spotlight moves over the text.
The "Pepper" video and the Pollack
interview come forward.
The cursor moves through windows.
In the "Pepper" video, the cursor moves
the playhead to 02:17. The video plays.
The cursor scrolls down the web page,
revealing lyrics from "Pepper."
Pollack gestures with his hands, making
a frame shape.
A painted figure streaks down the front of
a wave in the surfing imagery.
a black and white street scene and an old
squad car show in the "Pepper" video.
The cursor pauses the "Widescreen vs.
Pan & Scan" video.
The "Davy "Crockett" video shows
frontiersman aiming rifles, and then cuts
to American Indian figures
falling into a river.
The cursor pauses the "Davy Crockett"
video as a frontiersman fires and
an American Indian falls.
The cursor gradually lowers the volume
on the "Pepper" video.
The cursor pauses the "Pepper" video,
then pauses the surfing imagery.
The cursor minimizes windows.
The cursor pauses the scaled up
surfing imagery.